Docker compose example (#2695)
ollama/ollama: examples/docker-compose/README.md

# Ollama Service

> This Docker Compose setup deploys the Ollama service, using the main ollama image hosted on dockerhub. Ollama is designed to run seamlessly in a Docker environment, with health checks and volume management. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Docker Compose setup deploys the Ollama service, using the main `ollama/ollama` image hosted on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/ollama/ollama). Ollama is designed to run seamlessly in a Docker environment, with health checks and volume management. 
```
